Update `allowed_outbound_hosts` to final behaviour (#991)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/v2/manifest-reference.md

|                         |            | Table       | * A file or directory to be made available to the Wasm module at a specific path. This must be a table containing a `source` field for the file or directory relative to the manifest file, and a `destination` field containing the absolute path at which to make it available. | `{ source = "assets/images", destination = "/pictures" }` |
| `exclude_files`         | Optional   | Array of strings | Any files or glob patterns that should _not_ be available to the Wasm module at runtime, even though they match a `files` entry. | `[assets/images/test/**/*.*]` |

> | `allowed_http_hosts`    | Optional   | Array of strings | The host names or addresses to which the Wasm component is allowed to send HTTP requests. If the name includes a port, the Wasm module can send requests only to that port; otherwise, the Wasm module can send requests only to the default port for the scheme it uses. The special string `insecure:allow-all` permits the module to send HTTP requests to _any_ host, but is intended for development use only; some deployment environments may decline to honour it. | `["example.com", "localhost:8081"]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowed_http_hosts`    | Deprecated Optional   | Array of strings | Deprecated in favor of `allowed_outbound_hosts`. The host names or addresses to which the Wasm component is allowed to send HTTP requests. If the name includes a port, the Wasm module can send requests only to that port; otherwise, the Wasm module can send requests only to the default port for the scheme it uses. The special string `insecure:allow-all` permits the module to send HTTP requests to _any_ host, but is intended for development use only; some deployment environments may decline to honour it. | `["example.com", "localhost:8081"]` |
```

I very much think we should mark this as deprecated and perhaps move it to the end of the list. I think it would be unfortunate if new users find this documentation and mistakenly think that this is the right option to use.

> | `allowed_outbound_hosts` | Optional  | Array of strings | The addresses to which the Wasm component is allowed to send network requests. Each entry must contain both a name (or IP address) and a port in `name:port` format. For Redis, MySQL, and PostgreSQL, the component may only contact the addresses listed here; for HTTP, the component may also contact hosts in `allowed_http_hosts`. If this field is omitted, Spin 1 components default to allow-all access for backward compatibility; otherwise, no outbound access is permitted except for HTTP. | `["example.com:4567", "127.0.0.1:5000"]` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowed_outbound_hosts` | Optional  | Array of strings | The addresses to which the Wasm component is allowed to send network requests. Each entry must contain a scheme (one of either "http", "https", "redis", "mysql", or "postgres"), a host name (or IP address) and an optional port or range of ports in `scheme://name:port` format. The component may only contact the addresses listed here. If the port is omitted, the default port for the scheme is defaulted to (e.g., 'https://' defaults to port 443). The special host "self" may be used to allow calls back to the current application. If this field is omitted, Spin 1 components default to allow-all access for backward compatibility. | `["redis://example.com", "https://127.0.0.1:5000"]` |
```
